we University for strategic optimism
give all power to the imagination
don't be shy today Tesco's and
introducing is really line-ups
cutting-edge degrees be the first among
your friends to purchase a degree
creative accounting to a system design
or utiful marketing by one today what
about you miss are you looking to
purchase a degree today have you
considered the Masters in capitalist
pedagogy or desire engineering good
don't miss out our office of that
manager is there to help you you can
even take assignment is completely free
personality test to find out which one
of our fantastic degrees was made for
you do you think this is scary yes it's
a lot nicer than the bank was guilty dr.
Dorothy ah yeah yeah welcome to the
second lecture of the University for
strategic optimist university based on
the principle of free and open education
today we are reclaiming space in one of
the world's largest grocery stores which
has already started offering its own
private degrees as our university
buildings are being sold to the highest
bidder for bargain price we inhabit the
market of ideas as public space not just
a public space with the ideal shopping
experience on special offer today as a
lecture entitled market education
so to make degrees and the
commodification of everything we will
take only five minutes of your time no
Charlie will be harmed in this lecture
let anybody tell me how many of the
seven panelists of the ground with you
are involved with commercial enterprise
and earn more than 250,000 pounds a year
to know six yes six out of seven and
some of them are at millionaires the
relentless privatization and
commodification of higher education
Renza pates alongside the banks of seed
bonus and speculation culture we
highlighted last week the Vice
Chancellors science and technology
corporate interest of the government's
are all inclusion 2000 table we don't
yet they want to put a price on your
head on your degree on your desk on our
library books the Lightning nursery
cafeteria indeed all parts of the
University turn into commodity form is
this fair no a university and college
union recent report claims that evidence
suggests that for-profit school choice
higher tuition than comparable public
schools spend a large share of revenues
and expenses and related to teaching
experience high dropout rates and in
some cases employees in recruiting and
debt management practices and yet this
is the direction we are headed in at
full speed is this right no this entail
the marketization of more and more parts
of our lives our education contact
research corporate research market
research the coca-cola professorship the
Google campus the glasses made find
corporate whitewash sponsorship of arts
painting by numbers the mechanism in
which your average employed
we pay that triple student fees means a
market correction which will destroy
education on the long-term students
won't show degrees on the basis of
imagined future earning capacity the
relative degrees and offer will follow
market demands what will become of non
utilitarian learning what will become of
the Arts so what will become a critical
inquiry and katharine docks knowledge
who will say no to a slow education if
it should ever come out you cannot see
anything encouraged we the university
for strategic optimism give all power to
the imagination
three minute we needa stop you
understand me I that's the law of Lycia
you cannot do that
I got it